Added event filter docs and consistency updates (#15264)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/changefeed-sink-to-apache-kafka.md

1. Customize **Table Filter** to filter the tables that you want to replicate. For the rule syntax, refer to [table filter rules](/table-filter.md).

    - **Filter Rules**: you can set filter rules in this column. By default, there is a rule `*.*`, which stands for replicating all tables. When you add a new rule, TiDB Cloud queries all the tables in TiDB and displays only the tables that match the rules in the box on the right. You can add up to 100 filter rules.
    - **Tables with valid keys**: this column displays the tables that have valid keys, including primary keys or unique indexes.

>     - **Tables without valid keys**: this column shows tables that lack primary keys or unique keys. These tables present a challenge during replication because the absence of a unique identifier can result in inconsistent data when handling duplicate events downstream. To ensure data consistency, it is recommended to add unique keys or primary keys to these tables before initiating the replication. Alternatively, you can employ filter rules to exclude these tables. For example, you can exclude the table `test.tbl1` by using the rule `"!test.tbl1"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Tables without valid keys**: this column shows tables that lack primary keys or unique keys. These tables present a challenge during replication because the absence of a unique identifier can result in inconsistent data when the downstream handles duplicate events. To ensure data consistency, it is recommended to add unique keys or primary keys to these tables before initiating the replication. Alternatively, you can add filter rules to exclude these tables. For example, you can exclude the table `test.tbl1` by using the rule `"!test.tbl1"`.
```

2. Customize **Event Filter** to filter the events that you want to replicate.

>     - **Tables matching**: you can set which tables the event filter will be applied to in this column. The rule syntax is the same as that used for the **Table Filter** area above. You can add up to 10 event filter rules per changefeed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - **Tables matching**: you can set which tables the event filter will be applied to in this column. The rule syntax is the same as that used for the preceding **Table Filter** area. You can add up to 10 event filter rules per changefeed.
```
